but for the way seedlings at a gathering in Donetsk
liked the wallpaper on and hot lisp
will be sbu
there country on their urki your god of it
banners tie our luxe correspondent
Timakov you all this something because you happen
this studio today is at the brink of strength
anti-terror meant keiko in groups
the advance of the protists meant they were not kicked out
positions then you better grenade launcher this
flamethrower at the Donetsk airport Donetsk
airport continue to control and force
antiterror but at the very place rose
militants rejoiced
and today the regional linen
control sbu and kazakh where terrorists
It was in vain shot on Mr. Vlad
throw a vat over the house
you do not come close to 2 mouths close Durik he
she covered the regional administration
mns yak tse bulo propanol damn you and
guys why are you leaving I don't know
and why you leave you can explain
until you can not be obtained in
the program
so today at Donetsk marked
pendant risky technology and buses with
militants terrorists have their own under the fisherman
you are a course on be you irik ivan and purchased
and only you are alive because flower carriages
and dopomog and today we have before
It was given as a kind and yak Ukrainian whole
coffee and cook food
waiting on foot yes this is our army
a sign he can and seeks and leaves
the very same take clip for tedx
Militants it would still give again try
under the whip from Russia to help
extremists however army brown
foliage platoon forbidden forever about
the zone of the atoms of such a technique is not
magic in the team and without salvo in the family numerically
the action films immediately get their own without a drink and
wants to add
from the village we are anti-terror one of the leaders
fighters with the register of the hatch more driven
Abwehr ready to have time to pass state in
the headquarters of the atoms it in exchange aimed want
guarantee without peak
Ukrainian anti-terrorist operations
security officials declare yet another pit on
leap sim who has a warehouse with an eyebrow and even
e p on the stove beveled century enter up
the warehouse of his battle groups
I will not take off the markets and write as much as possible
elastic h before the wire is not a sentence x
thorny antiterrorist operation
only action films do anything else ring around
they are clamped
its our to and whores tolo to
for spike yourself write on
the place and the militants continue to seek and
Slavic today I know from mortars
shot fired residential quarters
paths let's go to school a child's little garden
kids from now stayed in basements
displayed rubles on the idea of ​​and months
invented another Ukrainian right hand
security officials on the spot complementing the kettle
the waters are shooting at residential areas
where there gunpowder militants e
Information still today we go
shelling peeked
still on and less than 10 peaceful hulk
and ulcers do not delay tea
Slavic live in the minds of the account given guilt
tell mikula gabor ooze to propy
wipe you his stuff
arthur risks typing sabin like
Is the Slavic usually squeezed?
above the right person 5 liters
justify the same chic and such
rustling it was later
the tree has stirred and and here bahnulo
mercy cover the earth
artillery shells are here to consume and
awards and from the store. earlier in places
bachyly kibom militants and y cut like
right you steam can film it yourself
firing just aids them not quick he
you will fly 5 from the words of which eggs
began to shell positions a whole bunch of
grenade launcher chained from wounds
account new kifu saklyu will be Putin
let someone try
servicemen shoot their people
which we will stand for
back not to move not just give up
slavonic terrorism undermining himself
opponent all protests in the verses umme
broken danshin
it's torn no longer afraid
conditioned by
and didn't even warn
against again with interruptions we have been here for a long time
in the ocher, to find without zbroi just already
infections pobachite crowded civilian clothes after all, etc.
such areas of the place are so rare
together whitewashed sponge herself laid
Vlada Slavic already for 1 quarter and here
folks from miss evacuate from
places in the team rich tika you anywhere mother-in-law
only you where to take its origin
Anywhere geodesic will remove
and then the asshole terrorists man to turn out
would adapt and together she cook
basement and now the conditions of the line c and d on
heedless month stop ingrid up to our
sho do what remains to do tivoli we
we live just on the border on the wondrous
feed mics so on where guys are friend
two started shooting on the street of Bryansk
it's near my house it's used to
okay fire chara palim near Chechens
go militia quit sorry program
with no es todo